Update issue templates (#7)
RealTelefonmast/OfficialTiberiumRim: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report--tiberiumrim-mod-.md

---
name: Bug report (TiberiumRim Mod)
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

### **Describe the bug**
  <!--- This should be the last thing you fill out. Start with the other steps first and come back here after that! -->
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

### **Describe your game setup**
  <!--- This can help us a lot! Please pick/replace whatever you see fit most! -->
1. - [ ] I added TiberiumRim to an older, already created colony 
   - [ ] I installed TiberiumRim and then created a fresh colony

> 2. - [ ] Runnnig **only TiberiumRim Mod (and HugsLib + Harmony)** 

Reviewer: Hugslib is not necessary, only Harmony as a dependency.
Hugslib is useful for log-sharing though, should be recommended separetly.

---
name: Bug report (TiberiumRim Mod)
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

### **Describe the bug**
  <!--- This should be the last thing you fill out. Start with the other steps first and come back here after that! -->
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

### **Describe your game setup**
  <!--- This can help us a lot! Please pick/replace whatever you see fit most! -->
1. - I installed TiberiumRim and then created a fresh colony <!--- OR -->
   - I added TiberiumRim to an older, already created colony 

> 2. - Runnnig **only TiberiumRim Mod (and HugsLib + Harmony)** <!--- OR -->

Author: ```suggestion
2. - Running **only TiberiumRim Mod and Harmony (and possibly HugsLib to make sharing logs easier)** <!--- OR -->
```

Is that better?

   - Running other Mods besides TiberimRim, HugsLib and Harmony  <!--- No need to put the other mods here, we can see this in from the ErrorLog -->
3. Playing with the following **DLCs enabled** <!--- Please delete what doesn't apply -->
   - Rimworld - **Royalty**
   - Rimworld - **Ideology**

### **To Reproduce**

> Steps to reproduce the behaviour:

Author: That was what the default template suggested, to be honest ;)
